Welcome back.
Earlier on in the course we created the Contact Us page and the link is down at the bottom in the footer.
If we go into the Contact Us page.
We've still got the boot design at the very bottom for the.
Send us a message section but it doesn't actually work at the minute because it's just hate Jamal and
yes.
So in this video we're going to make sure that this works by using a popular plug in called contact
form 7.
So you go over to the dashboard and select the plug ins.
And then in this search box sorry go to add new first.
In the search box search for contacts form 7.
And contact form semon is one of the most popular WordPress plugins for cring contact forms.
So hit install now.
And she got a few moments to install.
Knowing or to activate again.
OK.
So once you got that installed you should now see that there's a new option in the dashboard called
contact.
So click on that.
And by default there's already one contact form there as an example.
So click on EDIT take a look.
Oh it's constructed.
So this section here is going to be our contact form.
So in just a moment I'm going to head over to the conductor's template and then when to cut out the
contact section and paste it in money to replace some of the values in the form using the same format
in that the contact form requires.
So when working on this form each one of the sections is a particular input and we need to put the input
type and also the rest of the information between the two square brackets.
So to start would Let's take a look at the first example.
So this will create a inputs with the type of text and then follow by the Star and The Star means that
this is required.
So the user must enter the name before the can submit that and then your name which is the name of the
input and then pretty similar examples below.
We've got the type of the input type of e-mail which is a required field and the name is your email.
We can also add various other inputs such as text areas and submit buttons.
So I'm just going to delete this for now and then I want to go over to our kondik page.
So we need to go to the page contact or pay HP.
And then were going to copy the full section for the contact form and then look for the div with the
class of well which is right at the bottom.
So look for that and find the close and div the claws and tag.
So copy all this action.
In fact and cut that out because we don't need it anymore and say that and I can paste this into the
conduct form.
So the first thing to do is delete the form tags because these are added buckin automatically so delete
the opening on the closing time.
And then we need to replace our input types.
So just delete the full input section first of all for the name and then we'll put these buckin in the
same format as we're looked up before in the example.
So between the square brackets the first one has a type of text message for the name so we want this
to be required.
So put the star in there.
The name of your hyphen name.
Then we need to put our classes back in.
So the class and then a colon.
And the first one is gonna be form control.
It also had an idea in there.
So I deal with the call on of inputs for name.
I'm can also add the place all the text so place although we don't need to call on after that so just
to base them between the quotes but the name of name.
That's all we need to do for the name input.
So I'm going to copy this and then go down to the next impot which is the email.
So delete that.
And then replace up with the code in square brackets.
So this time instead of text.
This is not the type of email.
I will also leave this out required the name mistime is going to be your email.
Almost only the class of form control.
But this time it is going to be imports hyphen email and the place all the text is simply e-mail.
Next we'll replace the text area so delete that section and then paste in the new code that this time
the input type is going to be textarea will leave this field as required.
But this time change your name to your message.
The class of form control will can keep that there but when it changes the input from input name to
input message.
Then after that we need to tell the form harmony lines for the textarea to display as default.
So when I set mine to free do that would within X and then free and the place all the text.
James from name to message.
And then the last part of the form is the input so delete the submit button from the bottom of the form.
Then open up the square brackets so one side will give the type of Submit.
The class is going to be the bootstrap class of beat and then the second class of beat again.
Hyphen default.
So they're the same as were used in the bootstrap site and then the text in brackets of Submit.
Okay so save that.
Because we've taken the contact form out of the page template or the contact template we need to put
this back in.
So if you copy the short code so copy that part then head back over to the page contacts doppie HP and
in the same section that just could the code of open up the page B.
And then we echo to the browser.
Do underscore short code.
Then in the brackets and the quotations paste in the short code and say look.
So now if we go back in to the WERE press site and hopefully if you go in on to the contact page we
should see the contact form or working correctly.
Which is good.
So that's all displayed fine as one or two little things means change in the dashboard so go to the
contact section again so to actually get this form to send to the website administrator.
We need to put in the email address to send to and that can be done in the contact form under the mail
tab.
Could change the default values and said The email address Id like the messages to come through to.
You can also go in the messages section and you can change the messages that the user gets wants to
send emails and is dph all values already set in there.
But these are all available to change so once you've changed it save.
And that's it.
And now we have a fully functional Contact Us section.
So thanks for watching and we'll see in the next video.